add release notes 7.5.6 (#20463)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.5.6.md

---
title: TiDB 7.5.6 Release Notes
summary: Learn about the compatibility changes, improvements, and bug fixes in TiDB 7.5.6.
---

# TiDB 7.5.6 Release Notes

Release date: xx xx, 2025

> TiDB version: 7.5.5

Author: ```suggestion
TiDB version: 7.5.6
```

Quick access: [Quick start](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/quick-start-with-tidb) | [Production deployment](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/production-deployment-using-tiup)

## Improvements

+ TiDB <!--tw@lilin90: 2 notes-->

    - (dup): release-7.1.6.md > 改进提升> TiDB - 当某个统计信息完全由 TopN 构成，且对应表的统计信息中修改行数不为 0 时，对于未命中 TopN 的等值条件，估算结果从 0 调整为 1 [#47400](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47400) @[terry1purcell](https://github.com/terry1purcell)

>     - 增强读时间戳的合法性检测 [#57786](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57786) @[MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta)
>     - 修改 TTL GC 和相关的统计信息收集任务只在 owner 节点进行从而降低开销 [#59357](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59357) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Enhance the timestamp validity check [#57786](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57786) @[MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta)
    - Modify TTL GC and related statistics collection tasks to run only on the owner node, thereby reducing overhead [#59357](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59357) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)
```

    - (dup): release-8.5.0.md > 错误修复> TiDB - 修复 Grafana 中 **Stats Healthy Distribution** 面板的数据可能错误的问题 [#57176](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57176) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - (dup): release-8.5.1.md > 错误修复> TiDB - 修复在修改 `tidb_ttl_delete_rate_limit` 时，部分 TTL 任务可能挂起的问题 [#58484](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58484) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)
    - (dup): release-8.5.1.md > 错误修复> TiDB - 修复对统计信息的异常处理不当导致后台任务超时的时候，内存内的统计信息被误删除的问题 [#57901](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57901) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiDB - 修复查询 `cluster_slow_query` 表时，使用 `ORDER BY` 可能导致结果乱序的问题 [#51723](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51723) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiDB - 修复虚拟生成列依赖包含 `ON UPDATE` 属性的列时，更新行的数据与其索引数据不一致问题 [#56829](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56829) @[joechenrh](https://github.com/joechenrh)
    - (dup): release-8.5.1.md > 错误修复> TiDB - 修复 TiDB 丢失心跳时，TTL 任务无法被取消的问题 [#57784](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57784) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)

>     - 当参数为 Enum/Bit/Set 类型时不再将函数 Conv 下推至 TiKV [#51877](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51877) @[yibin87](https://github.com/yibin87)
>     - 修复当集群中存在存算分离架构 TiFlash 节点时，执行 `ALTER TABLE ... PLACEMENT POLICY ...` 之后，Region peer 可能会被意外地添加到 TiFlash Compute 节点的问题 [#58633](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58633) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
>     - 修复了 ddl owner 变更时候作业状态被覆盖的问题 [#52747](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/52747) @[D3Hunter](https://github.com/D3Hunter)
>     - 修复了 hash 类型分区表在查询 `is null` 条件时 panic 的问题 [#58374](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58374) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014/) <!--tw@hfxsd: the following 4 notes-->
>     - 修复了在查询包含生成列的分区表时报错的问题 [#58475] (https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58475) @[joechenrh](https://github.com/joechenrh)
>     - 修复了 TTL 任务可能被忽略或处理多次的问题 [#59347](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59347) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)
>     - 修复了 exchange partition 错误判断导致执行失败的问题 [#59534](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59534) @[mjonss](https://github.com/mjonss)
>     - 修复了 `tidb_audit_log` 变量设置多级相对路径时导致 log 目录出错的问题 [#58971](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58971) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)

Author: ```suggestion
    -When the parameter is of `Enum`, `Bit`, or `Set `type, the `Conv()` function will no longer be pushed down to TiKV [#51877](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51877) @[yibin87](https://github.com/yibin87)
    - Fix the issue that after executing `ALTER TABLE ... PLACEMENT POLICY ...` in a cluster with TiFlash nodes in the disaggregated storage and compute architecture, Region peers might be accidentally added to TiFlash Compute nodes [#58633](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58633) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix the issue that job status is overwritten when the DDL owner changes [#52747](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/52747) @[D3Hunter](https://github.com/D3Hunter)
    - Fix the issue that  TiDB panics when queries contain `is null` on Hash partitioned tables [#58374](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58374) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014/)
    - Fix the issue that an error occurs when querying partitioned tables that contain generated columns [#58475](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58475) @[joechenrh](https://github.com/joechenrh)
    - Fix the issue that TTL jobs might be ignored or processed multiple times [#59347](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59347) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)
    - Fix the issue that incorrect judgment in exchange partition causes execution failure [#59534](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59534) @[mjonss](https://github.com/mjonss)
    - Fix the issue that setting the `tidb_audit_log` variable with multi-level relative paths causes errors in the log directory [#58971](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58971) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)
```

>     - Fix the issue that setting the `tidb_audit_log` variable with multi-level relative paths causes errors in the log directory [#58971](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58971) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that setting the `tidb_audit_log` variable with multi-level relative paths causes errors in the log directory [#58971](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58971) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)
    - Fix the issue that different data types on both sides of the Join's equality condition might cause TiFlash to produce incorrect results [#59877](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59877) @[yibin87](https://github.com/yibin87)
```

    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiKV - 修复时钟回退导致 RocksDB 流控异常，进而引发性能抖动的问题 [#17995](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17995) @[LykxSassinator](https://github.com/LykxSassinator)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiKV - 修复在仅启用一阶段提交 (1PC) 而未启用异步提交 (Async Commit) 时，可能无法读取最新写入数据的问题 [#18117](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18117) @[zyguan](https://github.com/zyguan)
    - (dup): release-6.5.8.md > 错误修复> TiKV - 修复巴西和埃及时区转换错误的问题 [#16220](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16220) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiKV - 修复 GC Worker 负载过高时可能出现的死锁问题 [#18214](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18214) @[zyguan](https://github.com/zyguan)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiKV - 修复磁盘卡住可能导致 Leader 无法迁移，进而引发性能抖动的问题 [#17363](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17363) @[hhwyt](https://github.com/hhwyt)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiKV - 修复处理 GBK/GB18030 编码的数据时可能出现编码失败的问题 [#17618](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17618) @[CbcWestwolf](https://github.com/CbcWestwolf)

>     - 修复了 CDC 链接在遇到异常时发生的潜在性泄漏的问题  [#18245](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18245) @[wlwilliamx](https://github.com/wlwilliamx)
>     - 修复了 Region 合并时可能性的 raft index 匹配异常从而导致 TiKV 异常退出的问题 [#18129](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18129) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
>     - 修复了 resolved-ts 潜在性的监控和日志展示异常的问题 [#17989](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17989) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that CDC connections might cause resource leakage when encountering exceptions [#18245](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18245) @[wlwilliamx](https://github.com/wlwilliamx)
- Fix the issue that Region merge might lead to TiKV abnormal exit due to Raft index mismatch [#18129](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18129) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
- Fix the issue that Resolved-TS monitoring and logs might be abnormal [#17989](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17989) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)
```

> - Fix the issue that CDC connections might cause resource leakage when encountering exceptions [#18245](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18245) @[wlwilliamx](https://github.com/wlwilliamx)
> - Fix the issue that Region merge might lead to TiKV abnormal exit due to Raft index mismatch [#18129](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18129) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
> - Fix the issue that Resolved-TS monitoring and logs might be abnormal [#17989](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17989) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that CDC connections might cause resource leakage when encountering exceptions [#18245](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18245) @[wlwilliamx](https://github.com/wlwilliamx)
    - Fix the issue that Region merge might lead to TiKV abnormal exit due to Raft index mismatch [#18129](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18129) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
    - Fix the issue that Resolved-TS monitoring and logs might be abnormal [#17989](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17989) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)
```

  
+ PD <!--tw@qiancai: 3 notes-->

>     - 修复默认日志文件大小没有被正确设置的问题 [#9037](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9037) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
>     - 修复重启后导致 `flow-round-by-digit` 参数被覆盖的问题 [#8980](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8980) @[nolouch](https://github.com/nolouch)
>     - 修复导入或者添加索引场景中，因为 PD 网络不稳定可能会失败的问题 [#8962](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8962) @[okJiang](https://github.com/okJiang)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the default value of `max-size` for a single log file is not correctly set [#9037](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9037) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
    - Fix the issue that the value of the `flow-round-by-digit` configuration item might be overwritten after a restart [#8980](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8980) @[nolouch](https://github.com/nolouch)
    - Fix the issue that operations in data import or adding index scenarios might fail due to unstable PD network [#8962](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8962) @[okJiang](https://github.com/okJiang)
```

+ Tools

    + Backup & Restore (BR) <!--tw@hfxsd: 1 note-->

        - 修复日志备份在无法访问 PD 时，遇到致命错误无法正确退出的问题 [#58031](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18087) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
        - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - 修复 BR 向 TiKV 发送请求时收到 `rpcClient is idle` 错误导致恢复失败的问题 [#58845](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58845) @[Tristan1900](https://github.com/Tristan1900)
        - (dup): release-8.5.1.md > 错误修复> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - 修复 PITR 无法恢复大于 3072 字节的索引的问题 [#58430](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58430) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
        - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - 修复使用 `br log status --json` 查询日志备份任务时，返回结果中缺少任务状态 `status` 字段的问题 [#57959](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57959) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)
        - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - 修复日志备份在 advancer owner 切换时可能会异常进入暂停状态的问题 [#58031](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58031) @[3pointer](https://github.com/3pointer)

    + TiCDC <!--tw@hfxsd: 1 note-->

>         - 修复较多小表场景启用 CDC 可能引起 TiKV 重启的问题 [#18142](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18142) @[hicqu](https://github.com/hicqu)

Author: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that enabling TiCDC in scenarios with many small tables might cause TiKV to restart [#18142](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18142) @[hicqu](https://github.com/hicqu)
```

    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> PD - 修复设置 `tidb_enable_tso_follower_proxy` 系统变量可能不生效的问题 [#8947](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8947) @[JmPotato](https://github.com/JmPotato)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> PD - 修复 TSO 分配过程中可能出现的内存泄漏问题 [#9004](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9004) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> PD - 修复 PD Leader 切换过程中，Region syncer 未能及时退出的问题 [#9017](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9017) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> PD - 修复当某个 PD 节点不是 Leader 时，仍可能生成 TSO 的问题 [#9051](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9051) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)

+ TiFlash <!--tw@Oreoxmt: 5 notes-->

    - (dup): release-8.5.1.md > 错误修复> TiFlash - 修复 TiFlash 在内存占用较低的情况下，可能意外拒绝处理 Raft 消息的问题 [#9745](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9745) @[CalvinNeo](https://github.com/CalvinNeo)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiFlash - 修复在导入大量数据后，TiFlash 可能持续占用较高内存的问题 [#9812](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9812) @[CalvinNeo](https://github.com/CalvinNeo)

>     - Fix the issue that queries might report errors after executing `ALTER TABLE ... RENAME COLUMN` on partitioned tables [#9787](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9787) @[Lloyd-Pottiger](https://github.com/Lloyd-Pottiger)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that queries on a partitioned table might return errors after executing `ALTER TABLE ... RENAME COLUMN` on that partitioned table [#9787](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9787) @[Lloyd-Pottiger](https://github.com/Lloyd-Pottiger)
```

    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiKV - 修复 GC Worker 负载过高时可能出现的死锁问题 [#18214](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18214) @[zyguan](https://github.com/zyguan)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiKV - 修复磁盘卡住可能导致 Leader 无法迁移，进而引发性能抖动的问题 [#17363](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17363) @[hhwyt](https://github.com/hhwyt)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > 错误修复> TiKV - 修复处理 GBK/GB18030 编码的数据时可能出现编码失败的问题 [#17618](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17618) @[CbcWestwolf](https://github.com/CbcWestwolf)
    - Fix the issue that CDC connections might cause resource leakage when encountering exceptions [#18245](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18245) @[wlwilliamx](https://github.com/wlwilliamx)
    - Fix the issue that Region merge might lead to TiKV abnormal exit due to Raft index mismatch [#18129](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18129) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
    - Fix the issue that Resolved-TS monitoring and logs might be abnormal [#17989](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17989) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)

>   

Author: ```suggestion
    - 修复由于 Titan 组件的兼容性异常导致升级失败的问题 [#18263](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18263) @[v01dstar](https://github.com/v01dstar) @[LykxSassinator](https://github.com/LykxSassinator)
  
```

> ---

Author: Preview: https://pingcap-docsite-preview-c3ndwoki8-hfxsds-projects.vercel.app/tidb/dev/release-7.5.6/

title: TiDB 7.5.6 Release Notes
summary: Learn about the compatibility changes, improvements, and bug fixes in TiDB 7.5.6.
---

# TiDB 7.5.6 Release Notes

> Release date: March 11, 2025

Author: ```suggestion
Release date: March 14, 2025
```

TiDB version: 7.5.6

Quick access: [Quick start](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/quick-start-with-tidb) | [Production deployment](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/production-deployment-using-tiup)

## Compatibility changes

- Support the openEuler 22.03 LTS SP3/SP4 operating system. For more information, see [OS and platform requirements](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/hardware-and-software-requirements#os-and-platform-requirements).

## Improvements

+ TiDB <!--tw@lilin90: 2 notes-->

    - (dup): release-7.1.6.md > Improvements> TiDB - Adjust estimation results from 0 to 1 for equality conditions that do not hit TopN when statistics are entirely composed of TopN and the modified row count in the corresponding table statistics is non-zero [#47400](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47400) @[terry1purcell](https://github.com/terry1purcell)
    - Enhance the timestamp validity check [#57786](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57786) @[MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta)

>     - Modify TTL GC and related statistics collection tasks to run only on the owner node, thereby reducing overhead [#59357](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59357) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Limit the execution of GC for TTL tables and related statistics collection tasks to the owner node, thereby reducing overhead [#59357](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59357) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)
```

    - (dup): release-8.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that improper exception handling for statistics causes in-memory statistics to be mistakenly deleted when background tasks time out [#57901](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57901) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that using `ORDER BY` when querying `cluster_slow_query table` might generate unordered results [#51723](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51723) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014)
    - (dup): release-6.5.12.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that when a virtual generated column's dependencies contain a column with the `ON UPDATE` attribute, the data of the updated row and its index data might be inconsistent [#56829](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56829) @[joechenrh](https://github.com/joechenrh)
    - (dup): release-8.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that TTL jobs cannot be canceled if the TiDB heartbeat is lost [#57784](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57784) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)

>     -When the parameter is of `Enum`, `Bit`, or `Set `type, the `Conv()` function will no longer be pushed down to TiKV [#51877](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51877) @[yibin87](https://github.com/yibin87)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - When the parameter is of `Enum`, `Bit`, or `Set` type, the `Conv()` function is no longer pushed down to TiKV [#51877](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51877) @[yibin87](https://github.com/yibin87)
```

    - Fix the issue that after executing `ALTER TABLE ... PLACEMENT POLICY ...` in a cluster with TiFlash nodes in the disaggregated storage and compute architecture, Region peers might be accidentally added to TiFlash Compute nodes [#58633](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58633) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix the issue that job status is overwritten when the DDL owner changes [#52747](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/52747) @[D3Hunter](https://github.com/D3Hunter)

>     - Fix the issue that TiDB panics when queries contain `is null` on Hash partitioned tables [#58374](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58374) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that queries with `is null` conditions on Hash partitioned tables cause a panic [#58374](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58374) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014/)
```

    - Fix the issue that an error occurs when querying partitioned tables that contain generated columns [#58475](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58475) @[joechenrh](https://github.com/joechenrh)
    - Fix the issue that TTL jobs might be ignored or processed multiple times [#59347](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59347) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)
    - Fix the issue that incorrect judgment in exchange partition causes execution failure [#59534](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59534) @[mjonss](https://github.com/mjonss)
    - Fix the issue that setting the `tidb_audit_log` variable with multi-level relative paths causes errors in the log directory [#58971](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58971) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)

>     - Fix the issue that different data types on both sides of the Join's equality condition might cause TiFlash to produce incorrect results [#59877](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59877) @[yibin87](https://github.com/yibin87)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that different data types on both sides of the equality condition in Join might cause incorrect results in TiFlash [#59877](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/59877) @[yibin87](https://github.com/yibin87)
```

    - Fix the issue that TiFlash might fail to print error stack traces when it unexpectedly exits in certain situations [#9902](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9902) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash startup might be blocked when `profiles.default.init_thread_count_scale` is set to `0` [#9906](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9906) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix the issue that a `Not found column` error might occur when a query involves virtual columns and triggers remote reads [#9561](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9561) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
    - Fix the issue that in the disaggregated storage and compute architecture, TiFlash compute nodes might be incorrectly selected as target nodes for adding Region peers [#9750](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9750) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)

+ Tools

    + Backup & Restore (BR)

>         - Fix the issue that log backup fails to exit properly when encountering a fatal error due to not being able to access PD [#58031](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18087) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that log backup fails to exit properly when encountering a fatal error due to not being able to access PD [#18087](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18087) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
```

>         - Fix the issue that log backup fails to exit properly when encountering a fatal error due to being not able to access PD [#58031](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18087) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that log backup fails to exit properly when encountering a fatal error due to not being able to access PD [#58031](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/18087) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
```
